com/capgemini/market/web/controller/PurchaseController.java
 com.capgemini.market.web.controller.PurchaseController
com/capgemini/market/persistence/entity/Cliente.java
 com.capgemini.market.persistence.entity.Cliente
com/capgemini/market/domain/dto/AuthenticationRequest.java
 com.capgemini.market.domain.dto.AuthenticationRequest
com/capgemini/market/persistence/mapper/PurchaseItemMapper.java
 com.capgemini.market.persistence.mapper.PurchaseItemMapper
com/capgemini/market/web/security/filter/JwtFilterRequest.java
 com.capgemini.market.web.security.filter.JwtFilterRequest
com/capgemini/market/persistence/entity/Producto.java
 com.capgemini.market.persistence.entity.Producto
com/capgemini/market/persistence/crud/ProductoCrudRepository.java
 com.capgemini.market.persistence.crud.ProductoCrudRepository
com/capgemini/market/domain/Product.java
 com.capgemini.market.domain.Product
com/capgemini/market/persistence/mapper/ProductMapper.java
 com.capgemini.market.persistence.mapper.ProductMapper
com/capgemini/market/domain/service/PurchaseService.java
 com.capgemini.market.domain.service.PurchaseService
com/capgemini/market/persistence/ProductoRepository.java
 com.capgemini.market.persistence.ProductoRepository
com/capgemini/market/domain/PurchaseItem.java
 com.capgemini.market.domain.PurchaseItem
com/capgemini/market/web/config/SwaggerConfig.java
 com.capgemini.market.web.config.SwaggerConfig
com/capgemini/market/domain/dto/AuthenticationResponse.java
 com.capgemini.market.domain.dto.AuthenticationResponse
com/capgemini/market/web/controller/ProductController.java
 com.capgemini.market.web.controller.ProductController
com/capgemini/market/persistence/entity/Categoria.java
 com.capgemini.market.persistence.entity.Categoria
com/capgemini/market/persistence/entity/Compra.java
 com.capgemini.market.persistence.entity.Compra
com/capgemini/market/persistence/mapper/PurchaseMapper.java
 com.capgemini.market.persistence.mapper.PurchaseMapper
com/capgemini/market/persistence/entity/ComprasProducto.java
 com.capgemini.market.persistence.entity.ComprasProducto
com/capgemini/market/domain/service/CapgeminiUserDetailsService.java
 com.capgemini.market.domain.service.CapgeminiUserDetailsService
com/capgemini/market/domain/repository/PurchaseRepository.java
 com.capgemini.market.domain.repository.PurchaseRepository
com/capgemini/market/web/security/JWTUtil.java
 com.capgemini.market.web.security.JWTUtil
com/capgemini/market/web/security/SecurityConfig.java
 com.capgemini.market.web.security.SecurityConfig
com/capgemini/market/persistence/mapper/CategoryMapper.java
 com.capgemini.market.persistence.mapper.CategoryMapper
com/capgemini/market/domain/service/ProductService.java
 com.capgemini.market.domain.service.ProductService
com/capgemini/market/domain/repository/ProductRepository.java
 com.capgemini.market.domain.repository.ProductRepository
com/capgemini/market/domain/Category.java
 com.capgemini.market.domain.Category
com/capgemini/market/persistence/CompraRepository.java
 com.capgemini.market.persistence.CompraRepository
com/capgemini/market/persistence/entity/ComprasProductoPK.java
 com.capgemini.market.persistence.entity.ComprasProductoPK
com/capgemini/market/CapgeminiMarketApplication.java
 com.capgemini.market.CapgeminiMarketApplication
com/capgemini/market/persistence/crud/CompraCrudRepository.java
 com.capgemini.market.persistence.crud.CompraCrudRepository
com/capgemini/market/domain/Purchase.java
 com.capgemini.market.domain.Purchase
com/capgemini/market/web/controller/AuthController.java
 com.capgemini.market.web.controller.AuthController
